InfluxDB 2.7 (#4848)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.7/api-guide/client-libraries/go.md

2. Close the client to flush all pending writes and finish.

   ```go
   p := influxdb2.NewPoint("stat",
     map[string]string{"unit": "temperature"},
     map[string]interface{}{"avg": 24.5, "max": 45},
     time.Now())
   writeAPI.WritePoint(context.Background(), p)
   client.Close()
   ```

### Complete example write script

```go
func main() {
    bucket := "example-bucket"
    org := "example-org"
    token := "example-token"
    // Store the URL of your InfluxDB instance
    url := "http://localhost:8086"
    // Create new client with default option for server url authenticate by token
    client := influxdb2.NewClient(url, token)
    // User blocking write client for writes to desired bucket
    writeAPI := client.WriteAPIBlocking(org, bucket)
    // Create point using full params constructor
    p := influxdb2.NewPoint("stat",
        map[string]string{"unit": "temperature"},
        map[string]interface{}{"avg": 24.5, "max": 45},
        time.Now())
    // Write point immediately
    writeAPI.WritePoint(context.Background(), p)
    // Ensures background processes finishes
    client.Close()
}
```
## Query data from InfluxDB with Go

> Use the Go library to query data to InfluxDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Go library to query data stored in InfluxDB.
```

> 1. Create a Flux query and supply your `bucket` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Flux query and pass the `bucket` parameter with your bucket name.
```
